hey I'm Gwen flamberge the beauty
director at Us Weekly magazine and today
we're at dream drive salon in New York
City to show you how any real woman can
get a celebrity style at-home dream dry
Commission celebrity stylist Jen Atkins
who works with stars like Sofia Vergara
Khloe Kardashian and Jessica Alba to
create a style called this TV just
gorgeous voluminous waves let's see how
to do it so how are we gonna do this
what's the first step I'm first going to
apply orb a maxxinista
to the roots only this is gonna give us
a good pump of volume next on spraying
royal blowout through the ends this is
gonna protect the hair from the heat but
it's also good to use at home to shave
some time off of your blowout we always
see celebrities on TV or in the
magazines and wonder how they get such
great volume an easy way for the real
woman to do it at home use your hands
and pull your hair straight up while
you're blow-drying and focus the air
from the root to the end and this will
give you amazing volume
now that the majority of the water is
out of the hair we're gonna section it
into three big sections so it's a lot
easier to work with we're gonna set this
in one big pink curl and start blow
drying a tough section I'm using a
medium ceramic brush this heats up like
a curling iron and has tons of shine to
your hair now that our top section is
completely dry and polished we're gonna
create one large pink row on the top of
your head so we're wrapping around the
three fingers all the way to the ends of
the hair and then roll it down to the
scalp so now we're gonna move on to do
the same exact thing on the sides now
that her pink curls are completely
cooled we're going to release them and
start with our curling iron you're gonna
hold the curling iron so it's pointing
straight to the ground and wrap your
hair around the iron you're twisting
your hair as you wrap now that our sides
are finished we're gonna take down the
top and find our part
to do this rake your hair back and just
push it forward and find where it
naturally wants to go and now we're
really gonna do the same thing we did on
the sides and the finishing touch is the
dry texturizing spray to use this when
I'm just gonna have you tip your head to
the side we're gonna spray and get right
into the root with this if you're using
this at home
flip your head upside down spray it in
shake it out and you'll look like your
rock star that with celeb style made
real easy I'm Glenn flamberge come back
and visit us at oz magazine.com
for more celebrity style tips and tricks